How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	The bug came from a change to one of the lines. diff identifies all the changes.
	I just had to locate the change that introduced the bug among those that diff
	showed me.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	I could use older versions to recover changes that I regret.
	I could feel more free to introduce new changes if I now the old ones are secured.		

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	manually choosing when to create a commit allows for a meaningful series of commits
	to reflect the logical progress of the software development. Automaically saving is
	a safe way to make sure that you don't forget to do the commit on time...

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	In software development, multiple files can make up one program, and a change to the logical
	state of the program may incur a change to multiple files...
	In Google Docs, every document is treated separately because Google docs has now way of
	telling which files are associated so it assumes that documents are independent.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log lists all the commit history (with --stat, it will show additional details about each commit).
	git diff allows us to compare a couple of commits from the past.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	I can always revert to a previous version of my code if I accidentally break something...

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I want to use Git for my graduate project, setting up an array of JetsonTK1 boards to create a joined
	depth cloud from a multitude of Kinect cameras.
